I expect that for smaller lists insertion sort should be faster, since it has low overhead, and does not use additional arrays or recursion. Technically, merge sort does have a better time complexity of O(nlog2(n)) but it has extra overhead because it involves recursion, and merging sublists and using extra memory and splitting the list. So if you have a very small list, for example with 5 elements, insertion sort just compares the nearby elements and shifts them if it's needed, but merge sort on the other hand splits the list, calls the function recursively, makes smaller lists, merges them together again, and then finally gets the sorted list.

I think that for random data maybe whilst n is small, maybe somewhere around n= 100 would be where the crossover happens. For data that is sorted already, I think n will probably be a bit higher since it is already sorted and merge sort just adds overhead, whilst insertion sort would just go over the list and check if all the items are in order and it doesn't have to shift anything so it's more like O(n) rather than O(n^2). However, for reversely sorted data, I would imagine that merge sort starts winning in terms of speed at around perhaps less than 50 but greater than 20. The reason I think this is because it has to go through many elements, so the worst case scenario of elements. So compared to random data and sorted data, merge sort will win relatively faster. For data with lots of duplicates, perhaps insertion sort will perform better than on random data, but not as good as already sorted data and the reason I think this is because lots of duplicates make it so that insertion sort doesn't have to shift as much. 

For selection sort, the inner loop scans the rest of the list for every position i, even if the list is sorted already, so that means that the number of comparisons does not depend on whether the list is sorted. It just depends on n, so the number of comparisons should be n(n-1)/2. For random data, selection sort updates the min_index whenever it finds a smaller value, so I think merge sort should win relatively quickly, somewhere around n= 60 to 100. For sorted data, the insertion algorithm is helped by a lot, but not selection sort because it just keeps going through the rest of the list to check if the current element is the smallest and so that there is nothing smaller left. But the positive in this case is that sorted data does not cause min_index updates, since the smallest value is already the one at i. So I think in comparison to random data merge sort will take longer to overtake it, so maybe by about n=10 to 30 more than for random data, so probablt n=70 to n=130. Reverse data should probably be the lowest value of n at which merge sort will overtake it, so maybe n=50 to n=80. Duplicate data will probably reduce min_index updates but should be similar to random data, so maybe a slightly higher value of n than for random data, maybe by 5 to 15 n, so 65-115. For nearly sorted data, selection sort still has to do the loop ni which it checks the subarray for the smallest value, but still fewer min_index updates than random data. All equal data and sorted data should have similar outcomes because if it is equal, it is already sorted 